Allow notification channels to be deleted (#1619)
CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer: documentation/markdown/usage/notifications.md

  A new notification will only be sent out after this much time has passed since the previous notification.
* **`accept`**: A description of the `content-type(s)` in which the client would want to receive the notifications.
  Expects the same values as an `Accept` HTTP header.

## Important note for server owners

> There is not much restriction on who can create a new notification channel,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is not much restriction on who can create a new notification channel;
```

only `Read` permissions on the target resource are required.
It is therefore possible for the server to accumulate created channels.
As these channels still get used every time their corresponding resource changes,
this could degrade server performance.

> For this reason, the server is by default configured to always remove notification channels after 2 weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this reason, default server configuration removes notification channels after two weeks (20160 minutes).
```

You can modify this behaviour by adding the following block to your configuration:

```json
{
  "@id": "urn:solid-server:default:WebSocket2023Subscriber",
  "@type": "NotificationSubscriber",
  "maxDuration": 20160
}
```

`maxDuration` defines after how many minutes every channel will be removed.
Setting this value to 0 will allow channels to exist forever.

> Similarly, for changing the maximum duration of webhook channels you can use the identifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, to change the maximum duration of webhook channels you can use the identifier
```
